== README

Basic Ember.js + Ruby on Rails app built for learning purposes

DEMO at http://foodmatic.herokuapp.com/ (access code: 'demo')

=== The application

The app offers:

* Basic products CRUD interface
* Basic multi controller orders interface
* Current order generation and line items management

=== Development notes

My goals for this project are:

* Learn how to plug an ember frontend on a ROR app.
* Serve ember-data friendly json via ROR API.
* Understanding of ember basics, controllers, routers, models, views and templates.
* Bootstrap + ember integration (non-hacky dialogs)
* Ember injections, run loop (In progress)
* Websockets + emberdata
* ...

I know that the code here probably stinks. It is my first ember app so I'll be happy to know and discuss the "ember way" to do things :)

Also, feel free to modify the app, it is just for learning purposes so it would be great if we can add, discuss and remove features together.

Let's learn ember using this playground!


=== Installation Requirements

* Postgresql with uuid-oosp module installed http://www.postgresql.org/docs/devel/static/uuid-ossp.html

Note: You can use mysql but then you need to change the app migrations and remove the uuid keys definitions.

* Ruby environment setup, bundler

=== Installation

* Copy config/database.yml.example to config.database.yml
* Configure config/database.yml with your postgresql credentials
* In the root directory execute bundle intall
* rake db:setup (This will import some test data)
* rails s (Start the server)

Now you should be able to navigate to http://localhost:3000 and see the app

The installation process should have created a test company which access code is demo

You are ready to go! :)

Miguel Angel Martinez - @migmartri
